<h1>Personal Land Packages</h1>
<p>
Personal Land Packages are Virtual Land Plots that you can own in the monoGames Metaverse and there are 7 types of Virtual Land Plots you can own which include Your Personal Land Plot, Construction Land Plots, Mining Land Plots, Farming Land Plots Sustainable Land Plots, <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-Social-Lounge-monoSol-">monoGames Social Lounge (monoSol) - Limited Addition Lounge Room</a> and the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Faction-Social-Lounges">Faction Social Lounge - Limited Addition Lounge Room</a>. All these land plots play an important role in the monoGames Metaverse to build, harvest, survive, create sustainability and below is a brief explanation how these land plots interact with monoGames.</p>
  <ol>
    <li>Your Personal Land Plot</li>
    <p></p>
    <p>Your Personal Land Plot is free, connected to your main <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Factions">Faction</a> and what everyone starts off with - a one bedroom studio but you can upgrade this building as you grow in the game by completing special missions and/or buying special NFT's. You can buy more Personal Land Plots as is on the market and rent them, build on them, convert them to other Land Plots or simply add them to your collection. You can decorate your one bedroom studio with special NFT's created by the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-NFT-Creative-Art-Community">monoGames NFT Creative Art Community</a> and with monoGames Partnership NFT's. All NFT's that are displayed in your building will have earning capacity and some will unlock new features which will open up more cool gaming experiences to access even more earning potential. There will also be portal doors with in your one bedroom studio that you will need to unlock to access other Virtual Land Plots and unique features to also increase your earning potential.</p>
    <li>Building Land Plots</li>
    <p></p>
    <p>Building Land Plots are required to build buildings, sustainable products, portals and vehicles. You will need to complete the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Destiny-Of-The-Universe-Missions">Building Mission</a> so you can unlock the ability to build. Once you have completed the Building Mission you can then convert your extra Personal Land Plots into Building Land Plots. As you level up and do more Building Missions then you can unlock more features like add sustainable products to your buildings to increase production and earn rewards. Every Building Land Plot, NFT on the Land Plot and in the building will earn in game currency through a shares points air drop system, daily over a 24 hour period and sometimes you will receive reward NFT's for completing Build Missions.</p>
    <li>Mining Land Plots</li>
    <p></p>
    <p>Mining Land Plots gives a player an opportunity to mine 7 resources used for constructing buildings, sustainable products, portals and vehicles. You will need to complete the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Destiny-Of-The-Universe-Missions">Mining Mission</a> so you can unlock the ability to mine. Once you have completed the Mining Mission you can then convert your extra Personal Land Plots into Mining Land Plots. As you level up and do more Mining Missions then you can unlock more features like add sustainable products to your mining operations to increase production and earn rewards. Every Mining Land Plot and NFT on the Land Plot will earn in game currency through a shares points air drop system, daily over a 24 hour period and sometimes you will receive reward NFT's for completing Mining Missions but there will be an opportunity to buy exploration certificate to mine in the universe which will be explained when the game starts to expand into the 12 Constellations of the Zodiac.</p>
    <li>Farming Land Plots</li>
    <p></p>
    <p>Farming Land Plots are where you can harvest 7 resources needed when you travel out side your local star system to sustain your life as you go to battle and trade. You will need to complete the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Destiny-Of-The-Universe-Missions">Farming Missions</a> so you can unlock the ability to farm. Once you have completed the Farming Mission you can then convert your extra Personal Land Plots into Farming Land Plots. As you level up and do more Farming Missions then you can unlock more features like add fertilizers to your farming operations to increase the crop harvest and plant life cycle management systems to earn rewards. Every Farming Land Plot and NFT on the Land Plot will earn in game currency through a shares points air drop system, daily over a 24 hour period and sometimes you will receive reward NFT's for completing Farming Missions but there will be an opportunity to buy multi-layered farming sustainable ecosystems to farm which will be explained when the game starts to expand into the 12 Constellations of the Zodiac.</p>
    <li>Sustainable Land Plots</li>
    <p></p>
    <p>Sustainable Land Plots are interconnected with monoGames as a whole, especially with all the missions. You will need to complete the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/Destiny-Of-The-Universe-Missions">Sustainable Missions</a> so you can unlock this feature. Here you will be able to construct your sustainable energy systems (solar power and zero point energy), products (eco-tech), offer services (efficiency and planning) and waste management (life-cycle qcode verification system) while also earn certificates, earn carbon emissions while also being able to trade those carbon emissions and display your carbon footprint. Products produced will be able to be attached to items within the game like the sustainable energy system to power portals, vehicles, mining and farming operations and so on which will earn you in game currency, NFT's, certificates, earn carbon emissions which can be traded so there are many opportunities for sustainable products and services to add value to the game. So if we look at sustainable energy, monoGames might partner with Tesla where Tesla sponsors monoGames and in return monoGames uses Tesla logo's on all our NFT energy devices you need to power up buildings, vehicles, portals, etc while also giving player rewards for using those NFT energy devices. We also want to go one step further, if anyone can prove they own any Tesla product or service through a Qcode verification system, monoGames would reward them for those devices too.</p>
     <li>monoGames Social Lounge (monoSol) - Limited Addition Lounge Room</li>
    <p></p>
    <p>Social players will more than likely own a Limited Addition Lounge Room in the monoGames Social Lounge (monoSol) so they can attract and converse with players by offering a unique gaming experience. Limited Addition Lounge Rooms will have special in game NFT's created by the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-NFT-Creative-Art-Community">monoGames NFT Creative Art Community</a> which you can place in your room. You can earn by placing these special NFT's in your Limited Addition Lounge Room but the main earning method is the amount of people in your room. We want owners to really think about creating a unique experience for gamers to be entertained in their Limited Addition Lounge Room. We want to significantly reward the owners with large community's within their Limited Addition Lounge Room for their effort in helping to create an atmosphere for players to communicate, enjoy and grow our game.</p>
    <li>Faction Social Lounge - Limited Addition Lounge Room</li>
    <p></p>
    <p>Social players will more than likely own a Limited Addition Lounge Room in the monoGames Faction Social Lounge so they can attract and converse with players by offering a unique gaming experience. Limited Addition Lounge Rooms will have special in game NFT's created by the <a href="https://github.com/369gtech/monoGames-NFT-Creative-Art-Community">monoGames NFT Creative Art Community</a> which you can place in your room. You can earn by placing these special NFT's in your Limited Addition Lounge Room but the main earning method is the amount of people in your room. We want owners to really think about creating a unique experience for gamers to be entertained in their Limited Addition Lounge Room. We want to significantly reward the owners with large community's within their Limited Addition Lounge Room for their effort in helping to create an atmosphere for players to communicate, enjoy and grow our game.</p>    
</ol>
There are no limits to how many Personal Land Packages you can own but there is a limited supply that will given out. We hope to evolve Personal Land Packages over time where you live in your Community Faction Suburb where you eat, relax and invite players over to your Personal Land Plot (building) so you can show your guest(s) your achievements and your NFT's so they see your Metaverse interact with the Real World.
